Aug 31, 2012. mutils-0.2
------------------------
This is a quick bugfix release. There were some problems with 
quadtree('locate') that caused segfaults in certain cases.

In addition, this distribution contains binary compiled mex files
for Windows (using the Windows SDK compiler), and for Linux using
gcc. 

Note that the Windows binaries are NOT compiled with OpenMP support,
so there are only sequential MEX files.


Aug 8, 2012.  mutils-0.1
------------------------
MUTILS is a package that provides a set of utilities we find useful
for high-resolution modeling. The tools are written in C and made
available in MATLAB through the MEX interface, hence installation
requires a working MEX compiler. The code is optimized for modern
multi-core CPUs. Some functions are parallelized using OpenMP. 

Initial release contains the following functions:

  sparse_create   a routine that assembles sparse matrices resulting
                  from the Finite Element Method. It is significantly
                  faster than MATLABs sparse, and uses a lot less
                  memory.

  quadtree        a 2D quad-tree implementation with point-in-triangle
                  location and spatial reordering functionality.

  tsearch2        a quad-tree based point-in-triangle location routine,
                  similar to MATLAB’s tsearch, but significantly
                  faster and parallelized with OpenMP.

  einterp         a FEM interpolation routine using SSE2 instructions and
                  OpenMP parallelization. Currently only the 7-node
                  triangular element is supported, with more elements
                  coming at users request.

A short documentation of the MEX functions is available in the *.m
files and can be accessed from MATLAB by typing e.g., help quadtree.

mutils come with a set of examples - have a look in the examples/
directory.

In addition, mutils provide scripts to download and install external
software packages: 

  triangle by Jonathan Richard Shewchuk. The mutils package provides
  MEX interface for triangle

  SuiteSparse by Tim Davis.
